All right, in this video we're gonna make
a wrapper component that will check if someone is signed in,
and that way we can put components on the page.
And if someone's not signed in it's just gonna
tell them to go ahead and sign in.
So, we're gonna open up our sidebar here and we're gonna
make a new component called PleaseSignIn.js and we're
gonna need a couple things here first we wanna import query
from react-apollo then we wanna import the current user
query from the user component cause we're gonna have
to check if the current user is signed in.
We're gonna import that sign in component from sign in.
Then we're gonna make our component const PleaseSignIn is
equal to props.
And then we'll export default PleaseSignIn.
From here we'll just return a please sign in.
Alright, let's see how we're doing now we'll go to the sell
page and we will import PleaseSignIn from our components.
And then we're just gonna wrap the whatever component you
want to make sure the user is signed in with we're just
going to wrap so we're gonna say please sign in.
Put the CreateItem inside of it then I'm going to sign out
and manually go to the forward slash sell page.
And you can see it's gonna tell us simply sign in.
So the idea with this PleaseSignIn is if we inside of that
let's just return a div.
Inside of that we just return
props.children it's just going to return whatever is
has been wrapped in it right so the child of PleaseSignIn is
this CreateItem component and then we're just showing it
so we sorta need to do a quick check before we do anything.
So actually we're gonna get rid of all this we're gonna
give ourselves a query component and then the query is
going to be the current user query.
Then inside of that we have a function
that has our data and our loading and inside
of that we're gonna say if there is loading return paragraph
loading otherwise we're going to check if the user is
signed in so if there is no data.me
then we are going to return a div
that says paragraph please sign in before
continuing and then we're just gonna pop in the SignIn
component that's the beauty of using React is that we can
put the SignIn component wherever it is that we possibly
would want and so finally otherwise if they are signed in
we simply just wanna like bypass this component
entirely and just return the props.children.
Now I get a bit of an error here.
Element type is invalid, expected string for built-in
components, you likely forgot to export your component.
Okay so let's debug this real quick.
Something is being returned from here that is not nice so
what I like to do in this case is just first check if
this is working so it's at the top return paragraph hey.
That works okay, good now if I were to get rid of this whole
chunk here would it work?
Okay good so it's obviously the error is somewhere in here
and I'm willing to bet it's this component if I delete that
component does it work?
It does but if I leave it in it breaks so SignIn oh I see
if we open up our SignIn.js you see it's exported default
I imported it as a named import with curly brackets so
we'll take those off and I bet it'll all work.
Beautiful so here we are on the sell page this says please
sign in before continuing then we get the actual sign in
thing here.
I can try to sign in.
You see we're signed in here although this still shows
please sign in before continuing so what I'm wondering
is is this query working properly the way that we can debug
that is just console log the data and see if that's actually
getting some data so if we were to refresh both times
we get the data do we get me?
Oh I see why it's cause I did not de-structure this this is
the payload and not two arguments but if I de-structure
that payload into data and loading I bet it will work.
There we go so now we have the sell so if I sign out it
immediately shows us the sign into your account.
If I sign in it immediately shows us the sale page so it's
nice to be able to flip-flop and what we're gonna do later
is extend this PleaseSignIn to also handle different
permissions that the user may have but for now it's a nice
simple wrapper component that we can use on all of our
pages that need someone to be signed in before that
actual component is actually being displayed.